Update image READMEs and automatically update Docker Hub READMEs (#433)
rstudio/rstudio-docker-products: connect/README.md

# Quick reference

* Maintained by: [the Posit Docker team](https://github.com/rstudio/rstudio-docker-products)
* Where to get help: [our Github Issues page](https://github.com/rstudio/rstudio-docker-products/issues)

# Supported tags and respective Dockerfile links

> * [`latest`, `2022.11.0`, `bionic`, `ubuntu1804`, `bionic-2022.11.0`, `ubuntu1804-2022.11.0`](https://github.com/rstudio/rstudio-docker-products/blob/main/connect/Dockerfile.bionic)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [`2022.11.0`, `bionic`, `ubuntu1804`, `bionic-2022.11.0`, `ubuntu1804-2022.11.0`](https://github.com/rstudio/rstudio-docker-products/blob/main/connect/Dockerfile.bionic)
```

* [`jammy`, `ubuntu2204`, `jammy-2022.11.0`, `ubuntu2204-2022.11.0`](https://github.com/rstudio/rstudio-docker-products/blob/main/connect/Dockerfile.jammy)

# What is RStudio Connect?

RStudio Connect connects you and the work you do with others as never before. Only RStudio Connect provides:

* "One button" deployment into a single environment for Shiny applications, R Markdown documents, Plumber APIs, 
  Python Jupyter notebooks, Quarto documents and projects, or any static R plot or graph.
* Extended deployment capabilities supporting Python APIs and applications using Shiny, Flask, Dash, FastAPI, Bokeh, 
  and Streamlit, as well as automated deployments for any content type via Git or command-line scripts.
* The ability to manage and limit access to the work you've shared with others - and easily see the work they've shared 
  with you.
* "Hands free" scheduling of updates to your documents and automatic email distribution.

For more information on running RStudio Connect in your organization please visit 
https://www.rstudio.com/products/connect/.

# Notice for support

1. This image may introduce **BREAKING** changes, as such we recommend:

>    - Avoid using the `latest` tag to avoid unexpected issues, and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Avoid using the `latest` or `{operating-system}` tags to avoid unexpected version upgrades, and
```

    -p 3939:3939 \
    -e RSC_LICENSE=$RSC_LICENSE \

>     rstudio/rstudio-connect:latest

Reviewer: still missing some `latest` references?

**NOTE:** the "offline activation process" is not supported by this image today. Offline installations will need
to explore using a license server, license file, or custom image with manual intervention.

### Environment variables

| Variable | Description | Default |
|-----|---|---|
| `RSC_LICENSE` | License key for RStudio Connect, format should be: `XXXX-XXXX-XXXX-XXXX-XXXX-XXXX-XXXX` | None |
| `RSC_LICENSE_SERVER` | Floating license server, format should be: `my.url.com:port` | None |

### Ports

| Variable | Description |
|-----|---|

> | `2022.11.0` | Default HTTP Port for RStudio Connect |

Reviewer: Looks like our regex has gone awry 😅 Maybe require something that has a `.`?

Author: `sed` was misbehaving so this is probably an artifact from me trying to get it to work correctly. These should be fixed now.
